documentation: small copy updates (#732)
filecoin-project/lotus: documentation/en/join-devnet-cli.md

> # Join DevNet

Reviewer: `Devnet` is one word

Author: Other companies abbreviate Devnet as `DevNet`, an example is Cisco.

## Setup

If you have run Lotus before and want to remove all previous data: `rm -rf ~/.lotus ~/.lotusstorage`

## Genesis & Bootstrap

> The current Lotus build will automatically join the **Lotus DevNet** using the genesis and bootstrap files in the `build/` directory using a default configuration.

Reviewer: genesis and bootstrap files in `build/` are the default configuration, so it's a bit like saying

> The current Lotus build will automatically join the **Lotus DevNet** using a default configuration using a default configuration.

2 # number of peers
```

Wait for the **chain** to finish syncing:

```sh
$ lotus sync wait
```

> You can view latest **chain block height** along with other network metrics at the [chain block height explorer](https://lotus-metrics.kittyhawk.wtf/chain).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view latest **block height** along with other network metrics at the [devnet dashboard](https://lotus-metrics.kittyhawk.wtf/chain).
```

`block height` is a fairly standard term

t3...
```

> - Visit the [faucet](https://lotus-faucet.kittyhawk.wtf/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Visit the [faucet](https://lotus-faucet.kittyhawk.wtf/funds.html)
```

- Paste the address you created
- Press Send.

Check the wallet balance (balance is listed in attoFIL, where 1 attoFIL = 10^-18 FIL):

```sh
$ lotus wallet balance [optional address (t3...)]
```

> If you see an error like `actor not found` after executing this command, it means that either:

Reviewer: We should fix that bug, heh
